docs(framework) Add `How to run Flower with Deployment Engine` guide (#4811)
adap/flower: framework/docs/source/how-to-run-flower-with-deployment-engine.rst

            --supernode-address 127.0.0.1:9094 \
            --isolation subprocess

   .. dropdown:: Understand the command

       * ``flower-supernode``: Name of the SuperNode binary.
       * | ``--insecure``: This flag tells the SuperNode to operate in an insecure mode, allowing
         | unencrypted communication.
       * | ``--superlink 127.0.0.1:9092``: Connect to the SuperLink's Fleet API at the address
         | ``127.0.0.1:9092``.
       * | ``--node-config "partition-id=0 num-partitions=2"``: Set the partition ID to ``0`` and the
         | number of partitions to ``2`` for the SuperNode configuration.
       * | ``--supernode-address 127.0.0.1:9094``: Set the address and port number where the
         | SuperNode is listening to communicate with the ClientApp.
       * | ``--isolation subprocess``: Tells the SuperNode to run the ClientApp in a subprocess.

2. **Terminal 2** Start the second SuperNode:

   .. code-block:: shell

       $ flower-supernode \
            --insecure \
            --superlink 127.0.0.1:9092 \
            --node-config "partition-id=1 num-partitions=2" \
            --supernode-address 127.0.0.1:9095 \
            --isolation subprocess

> Step 4: Start the SuperExec
> ---------------------------
> 
> In a new terminal, start the SuperExec process with the following command:
> 
> .. code-block:: bash
> 
>     $ flower-superexec \
>         --insecure \
>         --executor flwr.superexec.deployment:executor \
>         --executor-config 'superlink="127.0.0.1:9091"'
> 
> .. dropdown:: Understand the command
> 
>     * ``flower-superexec``: Name of the SuperExec binary.
>     * | ``--insecure``: This flag tells the SuperExec to operate in an insecure mode, allowing
>       | unencrypted communication.
>     * | ``--executor flwr.superexec.deployment:executor`` Use the
>       | ``flwr.superexec.deployment:executor`` executor to run the ServerApps.
>     * | ``--executor-config 'superlink="127.0.0.1:9091"'``: Configure the SuperExec executor to
>       | connect to the SuperLink running on port ``9091``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Run Flower with the Deployment Engine
=====================================

This how-to guide demonstrates how to set up and run Flower with the Deployment Engine
using minimal configurations to illustrate the workflow. This is a complementary guide
to the :doc:`docker/index` guides.

In this how-to guide, you will:

> - Set up a Flower project from scratch using the PyTorch template.
> - Launch the Flower infrastructure components: ``SuperLink`` and ``SuperNodes``.
> - Run a Flower App.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a Flower App using the PyTorch template.
- Start a Flower federation consisting of one ``SuperLink`` ("the server") and two ``SuperNodes`` ("the clients").
- Run the Flower App on this federation.
```
